[Docs] Generate nuclio docs with readthedocs (#3030)
nuclio/nuclio: README.md

                            status_code=201)
```

> More examples can be found in the **[hack/examples](docs/examples/README.md)** Nuclio GitHub directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples can be found in the **[Examples page](docs/examples/README.md)**.
```
